What is love?
Love? Love is life.
Love? What is love?
Why and where?
I believe that God predetermined
all our emotional relationships.
But He left it to us
to find each other.
He made us all couples
and each one has a soul mate.
A soul mate? What nonsense!
I don't believe in all this.
I'm absolutely sure that somewhere,
someone has been made for me
And that someday,
I shall certainly meet him.
Okay, but will
someone please tell me
how would I know the one
who has been made for me?
I mean, will she be holding
a placard with my name on it?
When I see her, will
there be a clap of thunder
or a flash of lightning? What
How would I recognize her?
I don't know what others would do,
but I'll certainly know it's him.
He will tell me
He will give me a sign,
and my heart would know it’s him.
-What is all this?
-This is love.
Love?
However far apart they may be
And come what may
their paths will meet.
When two people are
made for each other.
Made for each other.
Like the heart and heartbeats
Like the eye and the mirror
Made for each other.
Like the monsoon and the rains
There's a man for every woman
Made for each other.
When God made a heart
He split it in two.
He gave them two names
Radha and Krishna
Now the two hearts beat.
They part and they unite.
For they are made for each other.
Made for each other.
I didn't get an inkling when
furtively, like a thief
the first look of love
stole my heart away.
Stole my heart away.
I didn't get an inkling when
furtively, like a thief
the first look of love
stole my heart away.
Stole my heart away.
In the hide-n-seek
of my first love
I took refuge in the shelter
of his eyes without a thought.
Now I'm frightened
because furtively,
like a thief
the first look of love
stole my heart away
Stole my heart away.
My hair is disheveled, my gait
is uncertain, as if I am drunk.
If I had been seen, it would
raise a million questions.
Oh, how do I go home?
for furtively, like a thief
the first look of love
stole my heart away.
Stole my heart away.
I didn't get an inkling when
furtively, like a thief
the first look of love
stole my heart away.
-Jimmy, is Rahul at the entry point?
-No, Rahul's not here.
What do you mean?
He's supposed to enter in
two minutes. Find him, fast!
Oh God! I'll be right back.
Stole my heart away.
-Shruti, did you find Rahul?
-No.
Stole my heart away.
I didn't get an inkling when
furtively, like a thief
The first glance of love
stole my heart away.
-Yes, very good. Keep it up, everyone.
-Rahul
Rahul! I've told you
numerous times that
you should be at the wing
five minutes before your entry.
When you're not there,
I get tensed that you'll be late
I got this idea at the last minute.
I thought if I jump on the stage
the audience will freak out.
It happened.
Anyway, there was no goof up.
What's this fuss now?
Look Rahul, I'm fed up
with your last minute entries.
Nisha, I'm the director.
I can change whatever and
whenever I want, including you.
Forget it. You'll never
find another dancer like me.
I can get Shruti to dance
better than you.
Shut up!
Nisha! Fight later.
It's time for the stage.
-Take the mike. I'll tell.
-Go and tell Supandi.
-What?
Okay everybody,
let's get the lights.
Idiot.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
I'd like to thank all of you on
behalf of the entire team
for making this dance show
a huge success. Thank you so much.
As you all know, this is
the last night of this show.
However, I promise you that
we'll be back here in three months
with a new story, new songs
and a new name. Maya.
Maya?
Yes, Maya is the
name of our new dance show.
Thank you very much, everybody,
and good night to you.
Cheers!
-Wonderful.
-We had good fun at the show.
Hey, hang on a minute.
Rahul, this new play Maya
What's it all about? Tell us.
-Tell us Rahul. Please.
-Get up.
-Tell us about it.
-Okay, okay.
Maya.
-I don't know. -What?
-I don't know. -What is this?
If you didn't know that,
then why did you announce
that we're doing a new play
called 'Maya'
and that we'll do
it in three months?
Now look, even I don't
know who or what Maya is
but I do know that in three months
we'll do a play called 'Maya'.
Do you have a girl
who's like Maya in your mind?
She's still in my imagination,
not in my mind.
Nisha! I've got a girl in mind.
Rahul! Aren't you talking about
Pammi, the Colonel's daughter?
Am I right? Is it Pammi?
Rahul, is Maya the kind of
girl you can fall in love with?
I don't fall in love with girls.
-Girls fall for me.
-There he goes again.
But Maya is the kind of
girl that anyone could love.
Maya is the kind of girl for
whom you would leave your Soni.
-You dare not cheat on my sister.
-Ballu, relax. Be Quiet.
What does she do?
She comes in dreams.
Is Maya beautiful?
Very much.
This Maya must be
doing something.
She must be working, singing,
dancing
-Maya dances, but not like you.
-What?
She dances only for herself.
Excuse me, but she is a feeling,
a fantasy, she's beautiful
and she dances. We must
find her in three months.
So who is she?
Maya is all these things,
and yet she is only Maya.
Oh, Rahul. There you rattle
again on the same topic.
I'm hungry. So I'll get
something to eat. Okay?
-Hey, leave him alone.
-You all carry on. I'm coming.
Maya.
I've spent my life managing chores.
I'll make a decision today.
-Good morning, aunty!
-Silly girl! Where were you?
-I've been looking for you all over.
-I was outside.
Now you must come with me.
-Where? -I'm tired of
you uncle's daily nonsense.
So, today there will be a fight,
and you must take my side.
Okay. Let's go.
Sometimes, a thought
crosses my mind
Bravo, bravo!
As if you all have been called
only for me.
-Wow.
-You've been
scrubbing dishes
for so long.
You've been made to sit in
the audience
for my sake.
Bravo, bravo. What a performance!
Sir. Excuse me, sir.
Go on, Chandni I mean, Shanti.
If you permit, can
we have a tea break?
Break whatever you want.
If you don't mind, may I have
a word with your students?
Of course.
-Watchman, gardener
-Yes, ma'am.
-Shankar and Ramu.
-Yes.
If you don't mind, will
you all get back to work now?
-Where are you going?
-Thank you.
-Why are you driving away my audience?
-Quiet.
You gather all the servants
here and stall all the work.
I have to do all the chores myself.
Today onwards,
no more music recitals.
Henceforth, only you will
listen to your music. No audience.
My music isn't appreciated
in my own house.
How would anybody
else appreciate it?
Thanks to your aunt's attitude,
I could never become a great singer.
I know, I know. Now forget
it and have a cup of tea.
-No, I don't want any tea.
-Oh come on, Uncle.
Have a cup of tea,
and sing a song for me.
-Will you listen to my song?
-Of course.
-Really?
-Certainly.
So let me have the tea.
Pooja, there's a parcel for you.
It's from Ajay!
Should be his cassette.
-I'll hear it now.
-My song first.
Later, Uncle. Please!
See that? You always
drive my audience away.
What are you dreaming of?
I was thinking how time
flies so fast.
It seems like yesterday that
Mr. Khanna and Geeta had that accident
and this ten-year old Pooja came home.
And now, it seems as if we
never had a life without her.
And I have never seen such
close friends as Pooja and Ajay.
Hey, fatty! How are you?
Shut up, I'm not fat.
I heard these days
you've put on some weight.
Don't do that or no
one will marry you!
Idiot, you don't worry about it.
Who's going to marry you?
By now, you must have finished
cursing me. So I'll proceed.
I'm having fun, as usual.
Work and girls are keeping me busy.
Tell you what? I never realized how
handsome I am, when I was in India.
Don't make faces. If you wish,
I can fax you
a list of my girlfriends.
No, thank you.
For your information
I've broken up with Tina
because she
doesn't like Hindi films.
Thank God. She was so stupid.
-And now I've fallen for someone else.
-Who is she?
-Don't yell, I'm telling you.She's Dolly.'
-Dolly?
There's no need to worry.
She loves Hindi movies.
-Wow!
-Oh, I forgot.
-I might come to Bombay for a few days.
-When?
No need to stand. Sit down.
It's not fixed as yet. As soon
as I get to know, I'll tell you.
Okay, I'm off. Dolly
must be on her way.
Even though you didn't
say so, I'll convey your love.
-There's no need.
-Okay, I won't.
Hey. Here she comes.
Okay, I'm going.
-Give mom and dad my love. Take care, bye.
'
Stupid.
Hi. Nisha, where have you put
that cassette you took from my car?
There was a vital
music piece of our play.
Anything that goes into
your room vanishes forever.
Where is the cassette?
Rahul, don't you have the manners
to knock before coming
into a girl's room.
Is there a girl here?
I Stop it, Rahul. I'm serious.
Look, don't give me all
this girl talk. Please!
You have entered my room
when I had nothing on. So?
That's different.
Why is it different? Don't I feel shy?
-Shut up, Rahul
-You shut up!
Go on now. Get my cassette.
Oh. Thanks
First say sorry and then
you'll get the cassette.
-Do I have to say sorry?
-Yes.
-Say sorry to you?
Why you do this Nisha.
Nisha, give it to me.
-No stupid games.
-Stupid.
-If I catch you, you're dead.
-I'm not giving it to you.
I'll get you. Give back my cassette.
Come on, give back my cassette.
-Give it to me.
-I won't!
-Give it to me, I say.
-Okay, okay.
-Now say you're sorry.
-Sorry for what?
Sorry that you've wasted my time,
and made me run around.
-I'm not saying sorry.
-You won't!
-I'm sorry.
-You must never annoy me.
-I'll never annoy you.
-Say 'Rahul is the best'.
Never!
-Rahul is the best. Okay?
-I know. Thank you very much.
Rahul is the worst.
Rahul is a dog, Rahul is a monkey.
Come what may, I'm not
going to dance in your play.
So be it. I'll find many
dancers like you.
There isn't a single
dancer as good as me.
Fall in love
Lose your heart to someone
You're still young. Someone
out there is meant for you
Find him, oh, lovelorn heart
Pooja!
You are young.
There's somebody for you
-My wedding has been fixed.
-Wedding?
-I'm sorry.
-Six, seven, eight.
Fall in love.
What's wrong with you, Anjali?
You're going to marry
someone, you haven't chosen?
Someone you hardly know.
I do know him.
He's Mr. Kapoor's son.
I've known him for years.
But you don't love him.
Well, Pooja. Love will
happen in due course.
Love happens in due course.
Are you saying that, Anjali?
We're not kids any more, Pooja.
It's time we grow out of
our world of fantasies.
We are Indian girls.
Our companion for life is never
same as the man in our dreams.
We don't even choose him.
Someone else chooses him for us.
We learn to love him.
This is the truth and it is better
that you realize it soon.
Don't make this mistake, Anjali.
Someone, somewhere is made for you
and you should wait for him.
Perhaps he is the one.
I believe that this is the
one who was made for me
and I'm going to live
my life with this belief.
And who knows?
This might happen even to you.
In future, you might also marry
a man you hardly know about
and slowly you might realize that
he was the one you were waiting for.
There's someone for you.
You find him out.
Nothing like this is going to happen.
I'll choose my companion myself.
This is impossible, Rahul.
There can't be a girl like this.
-What does that mean?
-It's a meaningless character.
Maya refuses to come out
of her dreams.
Modern girls aren't like this.
What do you know?
You're not a even girl.
Stop it, Rahul. I'm serious.
-Modern girls -Maya is not
one of these modern girls.
She's different.
She is my Maya.
Your Maya, indeed.
What do you know about girls?
You know only one. And that's me!
What do you mean? I don't
know anything about love
and yet I make love stories.
What of it?
Rahul, your Maya looks
absolutely crazy to me.
Don't you dare to call
my Maya crazy.
And you are the only
one who thinks so.
-Nobody else talks like this.
-Definitely!
-Rahul, I think Nisha is right.
-Thank you.
I don't understand 'Maya' either.
Her character seems like fake.
Isn't it, Raju?
I agree.
Looking at it from a psychological
point of view
I feel that you're on
your own trip of Utopia.
I'm on a fantasy trip.
I'm sorry, Maya does
not exist. I'm sorry.
-You want to say something too?
-I think we need a lunch break.
Exactly. See that.
I don't know if such a girl exists
or not and I don't wish to know.
Whether she is a lie,
a fantasy or crazy
or whatever, she's Maya.
If you don't understand this,
I'm very sorry, I can't help it.
But all of you get
one thing straight.
I am not going to change
Maya's character, come what may.
Excuse me.
-What's this?
-I think Rahul is right.
You shut up.
You are Rahul's yes-man.
-I was saying...
-What were you saying?
-Do you know of such a girl?
-No!
-Is your Soni like this?
-No.
-Can you figure out Maya's character?
-Should we do this play?
-Never.
-That's exactly what I've
been saying. -Right, but
-Not again.
-What's it?
-What do you think you are doing?
-Shut up.
That innocent face.
The mischief in her eyes.
Oh my!
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes
stands afar shying away.
Oh my!
For a fleeting moment she shows
herself and then turns away
Oh my!
If you look with my eyes, friend,
you can see her.
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes
stands afar shying away.
Oh my!
For a fleeting moment she shows
herself and then turns away
Oh my!
If you look with my eyes, friend,
you can see her.
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes
Oh my!
She's no ordinary girl,
she's a wonder.
How else can I describe her?
Last night she came in my
dreams with her flowing tresses.
When I woke up, I wished
I could return to my dream.
If this is how I feel
without meeting her
what would happen
when I meet her?
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes
stands afar shying away.
Oh my!
For a fleeting moment she shows
herself and then turns away.
Oh my!
If you look with my eyes
you can see her, friend.
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes.
Oh my!
The kohl in her eyes is dark
like the monsoon clouds.
Her gait has the grace
of the waves in the ocean
Wonder what He created her of.
I wish she appears
before me out of nowhere.
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes
stands afar shying away.
Oh my!
For a fleeting moment she shows
herself and then turns away.
Oh my!
If you look with my eyes
you can see her, friend.
That innocent beauty,
with mischief in her eyes
stands afar shying away.
Oh my!
-Yeah!
-Hey, what are you all doing?
Rahul, how do you like this?
Hold this.
Nisha, maybe you didn't notice
that everyone is staring at us.
-So what? I don't care.
-But I'm looking funny.
Oh come on.
How do you like the orange?
-Very nice. Nisha.
-I'll be back in a moment.
Nisha.
'you are requested to
collect your parcels'
'from the delivery counters.'
-Shopping?
-Yes.
-Alone?
Very good! Never make the mistake
of shopping with a girl.
-How do you like this shirt? Cool?
-You like it?
-I really like it.
-I love it! Let's go.
-Try it on once.
-Both of us like it. Let's go.
-Rahul.
-To hell with Rahul!
-So sweet!
-What did you say?
Nothing, nothing at all.
Off you go!
Who is it?
Sorry! Idiot.
Okay? Happy?
Why are you laughing?
What's up?
Where are your jeans?
I'm wearing it.
It happens.
Who is it?
Crazy!
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday.
-Everybody clap Open the cake box.
-Hey.
Pooja. How did this happen?
What happened and
when did it happen?
How did this get swapped over?
I had ordered a chocolate cake.
You must have picked up
someone else's parcel.
I'm so stupid! I should've checked.
-I'm sorry, uncle.
-It's all right, dear.
Other people celebrate their
birthdays by cutting a cake.
I'll celebrate mine by cutting
sandwiches. No big deal.
Come on. Come on.
-Let me see who got my cake.
-Where are the candles?
-Rahul.
-Pooja
-Who's Pooja?
-I don't know.
-And who's uncle?
-Must be Pooja's uncle.
I sent you on an errand for the first
time and you picked the wrong parcel.
What did I do? I got the
parcel the shopkeeper gave me.
But you should have checked.
Excuse me, but it wasn't up
to me to check.
Next time, do it yourself. Okay?
I'm hungry and this cake
looks awesome. Let's dig in.
Stop it. No one's eating this cake.
-Why not?
-It belongs to someone else.
They must be eating
our sandwiches.
There's an address written here.
It's nearby. Go and return it.
Are you nuts?
This is someone's birthday cake
ordered with love.
Someone's party will be ruined.
Give it back.
I'm not going.
-Rahul
-To hell with Rahul!
Jimmy, let's go and return it
and say 'Happy Birthday’. Come on.
-So sweet!
-What did you say?
Nothing.
Shut up!
Yes?
Good evening. Are you the uncle?
No, I'm aunty.
Actually, by mistake I got
your cake, aunty.
-The sandwich man.
-That's right.
Here's your cake and
wishing you a happy birthday.
Thank you and sorry.
-Why sorry? -Because we've
eaten all your sandwiches.
That's all right. Actually, I ate
a bit of your cake on the way here.
-No wonder!
-Yes.
-Okay, I'll be off Uncle.
-No. Come in and have some cake.
No thanks. I'm in a hurry.
Some other time.
Just a minute. Just
one minute, please.
Let the person who bought
this cake thank you.
-There's no need.
-No, no!
-Uncle.
-Pooja, Pooja.
-Yes, Uncle.
That poor man, whose sandwiches
you picked up by mistake
-has brought the cake back.
-How sweet!
-He's at the door. Go and thank him.
-Okay.
-Thank him.
The cake has brought
a twinkle in my eyes
and a musical rhythm to
the strings of my stomach.
The cake is here.
To fit or not to fit.
Not to fit.
What a fool!
'We welcome you.'
'Happy Valentine's Day.'
Why are you buying all this stuff?
Come on, Anjali. It's
Valentine's Day today.
Valentine's day!
-What is this Valentine's day?
-Don't you know?
The one you love most in the
world is called your Valentine.
On this day, all lovers pour
their hearts out to each other.
This is all about love.
You won't understand.
Very funny! But whom are you
buying all these things for?
-For myself.
-What?
Look, I don't have a lover who'd
buy me all these lovely things.
So I'm pleasing myself.
You've lost it.
Do you know that today is not
a ordinary Valentine's Day?
It falls on the same
day as the full moon.
Know what this means?
I don't know but I'm sure
you're going to tell me.
It means that if you believe
that someone is made for you
and you are waiting
for him with a true heart
you would certainly
meet him today.
And you really believe this?
Of course. I'm absolutely sure
that before midnight
I shall meet my soul mate.
-Pooja, you're really mad.
-That I am.
-Rahul.
-Forget Rahul!
I'm going home. You can
come along.
Rahul, we came together
and will go together.
This is a very boring party.
Tell me if you want to come.
Rahul, when will you grow up?
Look, how beautiful the night is,
and you're so unromantic.
Just look at those couples.
They look so lovely
dancing in each other's arms.
-You think that they're all in love.
-Of course.
Sit down.
Tell me something, Nisha.
What do you think? What is love?
It is love when you're
so fond of someone
that you want to spend the
rest of your life in his arms.
That's what we call love.
I see. You think all
these people here
want to spend the rest of
their lives with each other.
I think so.
Girls are so dumb.
Do you know, most of these romances
would be over before the night ends?
They'll fight over small things
and will never see
each other after tonight.
And next year,
you will see the same faces
at the same place
but in different arms.
-Boys are so stupid.
-I'm telling you the truth, Nisha.
You must agree that you need
to know someone really well
-to spend your life together.
-That's right.
And in order to know someone well
you need to spend time together?
-True. -In today's times,
who has the time?
Look. In this party,
no one's known each other
for as long as we've
known each other.
Does that mean that we can spend
a lifetime with each other?
Let me put it this way. Will you
be able to spend a lifetime with me?
Here you are, Rahul.
And everyone wants you outside!
-Why? -Nothing as such.
Everyone wants a song from you.
-Oh no -Oh, come on.
-I don't want to sing.
'Tell me, will you be able
to spend a lifetime with me?'
Yes Rahul, I can.
I could spend my whole life
with you.
Rahul, Rahul, Rahul, Rahul.
The moon whispered something
which the night heard
The moon whispered something,
which the night heard.
Did you hear that?
Fall in love.
The moonlight came to say
The moonlight came
to my street and
to my house, to say
Fall in love.
The moon whispered something
which the night heard.
Did you hear that?
Fall in love.
What can I say, what can I do?
This strange thing
has happened to me.
Is it a sign or did
my heart whisper?
Don't shy away from it.
Fall in love.
The moon whispered something
which the night heard.
Did you hear that?
Fall in love.
I don't know who it is, but I am
certain that there's someone.
He is somewhere in my dreams,
but I cannot see him.
I'm here and he's somewhere there.
I am here and he is somewhere there.
But whose voice
is this that says
Fall in love.
The moon whispered something
which the night heard.
Did you hear that?
Fall in love.
My love is oblivious to the one
to whom I lost my heart and soul.
But I can't complain.
I can't call him unfaithful.
I heard the words
which he never spoke.
Oh, my heart,
be careful while you
Fall in love.
The moon whispered something
which the night heard
Did you hear that?
Fall in love.
The moonlight came to say
The moonlight came.
To my street and to
my house to say
Fall in love.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Dance. Dance.
-Hello?
-Have you lost it?
Are you out of your mind? Why did
you leave without telling anyone?
You said we'd leave together.
Then you ran away.
You know that we're all worried.
Idiot. Stupid. Fool.
Hello?
This is not 6711237, is it?
-No.
-I thought so.
I'm sorry, I thought
it was someone else.
You're right. I am someone else.
I'm really sorry.
Please excuse me.
-It's okay.
-Thank you.
-Hang on, one minute.
Don't hang up, please. -Yes?
The music you're playing
that's Pt. Shiv Kumar
Sharma's latest album, isn't it?
-Yes.
-I thought so.
You know, I wanted to buy it too.
Where did you buy it from?
-From Rhythm House.
-I haven't been there.
Do you think
they'd have it in stock?
How would I know?
I'm so stupid. How would you know?
You don't work there, right?
I'm really sorry about all this.
-It's okay.
-Good night
-Good night.
-I'm very sorry.
-It's okay.
-Happy Valentine's.
Happy Valentine's.
Nice voice.
That's all, Mr. Simpson
Okay, I'll try meeting you.
I'll do that.
Tell him not to worry about it.
Okay. All right, see you.
Ajay!
Ajay, you idiot.
How dare you do this to me?
You scared the hell out of me.
How far will you run?
-Wait till I get you.
-There comes the fatty.
How dare you call me fatty?
You dared to scare me.
-Move aside, Uncle.
-Take this.
Catch me if you can, fatty.
You called me fatty again?
Aunt, look at him.
Aunt!
Wait till I get you.
Tired?
Shall we?
Cut it!
-Ballu! What are you up to?
-Why, what's wrong, Rahul?
The spotlight should move from
me to Nisha after the drum roll.
-And I thought
-Shut up.
Come on, Nisha. Do it again.
Let's take it from the top.
-Rahul
-Rahul's done for! What is it?
-Please pack up early.
-Why? What's special?
-Nothing. Come on. -Come on,
let's take it from the top.
Rahul, you forgot?
It's Nisha's birthday.
-Really? Why didn't someone tell me?
-Yes.
-Nisha, what's wrong?
-Catch it. Thanks.
Why didn't you tell me?
There are some things which one
should know without being told, Rahul.
And yet, you should've said something.
Honestly, you guys are the limit.
-Rahul! Just relax!
-I'm very angry.
-Rahul! Just relax.
-I am very angry.
You've been forgetting it all these
years. This is just another year.
Drop that stupid face and take us
all out to dinner. Come on.
-Yeah!
-Come on guys, let's go.
Nisha.
What is it?
Happy birthday.
You remembered?
Why didn't you say it?
There are some things which
one knows without being told.
-You idiot! Thank you.
-It's okay, Nisha. -Yes.
-Let's rehearse.
-Rahul.
Just joking. Come on, everybody.
-Then she didn't agree at all.
-So sweet.
-Cheers!
-Okay, everybody. Tequila time.
Rahul, I want the bigger one.
Yes, the largest one for you, Raju.
-Okay, Jimmy.
-What are you drinking?
Tequila.
-I want some. -This isn't for girls.
Go and have a soft drink.
-No, I want some.
-I told you. This is not for you.
It's my birthday today.
-Happy birthday.
-Thank you.
I'll do as I please.
Nisha. Okay, suit yourself. Pepsi.
Give me another glass.
So sweet. Nothing.
You're in love?
Give it. I know your kind of love.
It changes every week.
This is your kind of love,
not mine.
You mean, the marrying kind?
Really?
Who's the girl? Do I know her?
Really well.
Tell me who she is, please.
Ajay.
-Must I?
-Yes.
-Forget it.
-Ajay. -That hurts.
Okay! One, two, three, go!
Didn't I tell you?
It's not for girls.
One more.
Rahul's finished.
Please, Ajay. Tell me who she is.
-Okay, let's do this.
See that waiter? -Which one?
-The one serving water.
-Yes.
Keep looking at him.
If there's still a glass
of water on that tray
by the time he gets to our
table then I'll tell you her name.
-Promise?
-Promise.
-Okay.
Oh, my God. Excuse me.
A glass of water, please.
-That's cheating.
-So what?
-You can't.
-Everything is fair in love and war.
-Look. Look
-Thank you!
Everything is fair in love and war.
You idiot.
Nisha, please. Nisha!
-I feel lonely -Nisha,
shut up! -Rahul is a bad boy.
Nisha, please. Shut up now.
Yes.
Don't say a word.
Say nothing at all.
-Take my shoes and give me money.
-Please go to sleep, Nisha.
-Take the shoes and give
me money. -What nonsense!
Go to sleep. Good night.
I'm scared, Rahul.
Don't leave me, I'm scared.
It's really late. Now quietly
go to sleep. Good night.
No. First promise me
that you won't leave me.
Okay, fine.
I won't leave you alone.
You won't leave me, even if
I ask for an ice-cream, will you?
No, I won't.
You won't leave me, even if
I don't dance well, will you?
No, I won't.
Not even if I call you names
like donkey, monkey, will you?
Of course, I won't leave you.
You won't leave me, even if I
tell you that I love you, will you?
I love you, Rahul.
I really love you, Rahul.
I love you.
Pooja!
There she is still asleep!
Come on, Pooja. It's 7:00am
The sun is up, Pooja.
Pooja.
What is it? What is it?
You? You idiot. Is this the way
to wake someone up?
I'm so sorry, but seeing you fast
asleep, I just couldn't resist it.
How could I miss out
on such an opportunity?
-You idiot. Stupid.
-I'm sorry sorry, sorry
Listen, get ready quickly.
We've got to go to the airport.
Airport? Are you going somewhere?
No. We are.
We? And where are we going?
Well, that's a surprise.
It's not far from India,
it's nearby.
We'll return by tonight's flight.
Get ready quickly.
I don't get you.
Silly. It's very simple.
I have to go on some business.
It'll take me just an hour
to just sign some papers
and then I am free.
If you come along,
you'll see a new city
and do shopping.
And anyway I'm leaving
for London tomorrow.
That leaves only today
which I want to spend with you.
So simple.
But Ajay, I must find out if
it's okay with uncle and aunt.
I've already got their approval.
It's only you who has to decide.
So fatty, are you coming or not?
-Yes, I'm coming!
-That's great.
Hurry up, get ready.
The flight is on time.
Wait a minute. What's
that under your eye?
-Where?
-There.
Now wait, you fatty!
Stop there, fatty!
-Never mind. I'll get you for this.
-Come and get me.
Oh!
You're going shopping, aren't you?
We'll see.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
It makes lovers meet
for the first time.
It ignites passion in their hearts.
It shows them the path of love.
It brings joys and tears as well.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
It brings along sleepless nights.
It steals sleep and solace.
It gives you real
and unreal dreams.
It brings joys and tears as well.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
Those who follow the heart
become crazy as well.
The eternal traveler
finds his destination
but loses track of the
paths that led him there.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
I wouldn't recognize him by face
nor would I know him by name.
I wouldn't think twice
before I blindly follow my heart.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
We all heed the heart
but the heart heeds no one.
The world knows I lost myself
to him but he doesn't.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
So be the tales of love,
if they would.
Those indexing insanity.
All the troubles plaguing
the face of this earth
are the graces of
this unreasonable heart.
The heart is crazy,
the heart is besotted.
It brings along sleepless nights.
It steals sleep and solace.
It gives you real
and unreal dreams.
It brings joys and tears as well.
The heart is crazy
the heart is besotted.
'Passengers travelling
on Air India's flight'
'Al101 must
see the immigration office'
Well, Mister Ajay. Time to go.
-Now I'll have to go.
-Did you say something?
Pooja, I want to tell you something.
Tell me. What is it?
This quick business trip of
a couple of days was all a pretence.
I came here for something else.
It's been eight years
since I left India.
I've earned enough
of respect and money.
I've had enough of all this.
I want to stop now.
I want to settle down now.
And whenever I close my eyes
to think whom I'd like to
spend the rest of my life with
it is always your face that I see.
In those moments we spent together,
I don't know how or when
my feelings for
you turned to love.
But I had no clue
about your feelings.
I don't know whether
you like someone
whether there is anyone
in your life.
That's what I came here
to find out.
I don't know
what you think of me.
I don't even know if you would want
to spend your whole life with me.
But I know for sure
that I love you
and I want to marry you.
'This is the last and final
call for passengers travelling'
'on Air India's flight
Al 101 to London.'
I'll go towards the
departure gate now.
Once I'm there,
I'll turn around and look.
If your answer is affirmative,
stay here.
And if you're not here,
I'll understand.
And one more thing.
Don't forget that
whatever your decision is
we were friends, we are friends,
and we'll always be friends. Okay.
'Who knows, it may
happen to you too.'
'You might end up marrying a man'
'you only know but don't love.'
'and then gradually you
realise that he's the one'
'whom you've been waiting for.'
What? But why did you stay?
Sometimes, there's so much joy
in making someone else happy
that I could not
think of anything else.
You should have seen his face,
Anjali. He was so happy.
I have never seen him so happy.
And what about your happiness?
You don't love him, Pooja.
Love?
What about love? It happens
in due course. Isn't it?
And we are Indian girls.
We can't choose our life partners.
Someone else chooses
our life partners.
We learn to love them.
Isn't that true?
The girl finally outgrows her
dreams and turns into a woman.
No, Anjali. The girl has
become a woman
but she hasn't given up
her dreams.
She believes in them completely
even now.
She's sure that Ajay is the one
for whom she has always been waiting.
Maybe He is delaying the indication.
I'm sure that you'll
be very happy with Ajay.
I hope so.
What happened, Nisha?
Take her to the doctor, hurry.
Slow down, Rahul.
We're almost there. Slow down.
Get a stretcher, Supandi.
-Admit her.
-Take this. -Okay, sir.
-Hi, Doctor.
-There's no need to worry.
It's a small fracture.
She'll go home in a week or so.
I told you Nisha would start
dancing again in a week.
I'm talking about going home,
not dancing.
She can't dance for
another three months.
-Three months?
-Yes, Rahul.
Her heel is very delicate.
If she doesn't take care,
the fracture could recur
and it could be more serious.
-Does she know this?
-Yes. -May I see her?
-Of course. You don't need my
permission. -Thank you, Doctor.
I'll see you guys.
Who's going to get me
a cup of tea?
God! You'll never learn
to knock, will you?
Don't give me that girl talk.
I have something very
important to discuss.
-Yes, tell me. -Can you see
me properly? How many fingers?
-Stop it, Rahul.
-Jokes apart..
Okay! Look, this Dr. Kapoor
of yours isn't good.
-I think you should see
some other doctor. -Why?
This doctor talked about
discharging you in a week.
-So what?
-No, it's not done.
It's been such a task
getting you to the hospital.
You should spend at least
a month or two here.
-Meaning! -And while you are away,
we'll also have some peace.
-Rahul, I hate you.
You're so horrible. -Slowly
You're always making fun of me.
I hate you. You're so bad.
Nisha, behave yourself.
Sorry.
The pain has got her mad.
Don't worry, I'll take care.
I'm a psychologist.
-Sis
-Rahul.
-Yes?
-I'm sorry.
For what?
I've put you through
so much trouble.
You've taken so much
money from the sponsors
and how would you
find a dancer so soon?
-And for three months, I
-Now look.
There's no need for you to worry.
-Rahul.
-Rahul's finished!
You think you are a good dancer.
There are scores of
fabulous dancers in town.
-Sure, but you'll never find
-A dancer like you, right?
-Right.
-Now you don't worry about this.
Now get some rest and
I'll see you in the evening.
-Okay. -And you don't need
to eat the boring hospital food.
I'll bring some food.
We'll eat together.
It's a deal. Right?
-Bye.
-Rahul.
-I know. Chinese, right?
Right.
-Not to worry. It will all work out.
-How will it all work out?
We borrowed money
from the sponsors
and paid it for the stadium.
Where are we going to find
a dancer like Nisha?
Come on, if we try, don't you
think we can find one good dancer?
There are plenty of dance schools.
One is right next to
our rehearsal hall.
We'll find a dancer there tomorrow.
Yes! Yes, Jimmy. You're right.
How about that, Rahul?
Come on, relax.
Whatever happens
will be for the best.
Let's go and have
some chilled beer.
-No You go ahead. I'm not
in the mood. -Come on, buddy!
Relax, pal. Try to understand.
He's tired.
-We'll push off.
-See you. Take care.
-Bye, bye.
-Come on, Supandi. -I'll see you.
First you give me your
address and phone number.
Maya
I'll find her.
Maya.
Water, water.
-Water, water in my eyes.
-Excuse me
The sandwich man.
-Shanti, did we receive any parcel?
-No.
-I haven't come for a parcel today.
-Then tell me what I can do for you.
-I want to meet your daughter.
-I don't have a daughter.
-No daughter?
-No.
Then sir, Ms. Pooja Malhotra?
-Pooja is like my daughter.
-I see.
But how do you know her?
-I saw her last night.
-Night?
-Where?
-In the dancing school.
-She dances really well.
-So?
-So I wanted to meet her.
-What for?
-I wanted to ask her something.
-What?
-If she'd sort of...
-What with you?
-If she'd work with me.
-What work?
-I do plays and I'm looking for a dancer.
-You are doing a play.
Yes.
-Are you a director?
-Yes. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Why didn't you tell me before?
-I did, when you asked me.
-I'm sorry. Come in.
-Actually, I'm a singer.
-I see.
I am practising for many years. Sit.
As it happens with
many great artistes
you don't really meet
too many connoisseurs.
You've met me today.
You don't know how lucky you are.
I know but I've come
to meet Pooja, sir.
Now that you have met me,
you'll meet Pooja too.
I won't give you a penny
more than 75.
The prices have gone up, ma'am.
Rs.80 and no less.
Only last week I bought it
at that price.
Have the prices risen so soon?
Trust me, ma'am.
That's the correct price.
You can only taste
how sweet it is.
-I will give you Rs.75 and no more.
-Seventy five
-Show me the watermelon.
-Here you are, sir.
Seventy-five is apt.
How many, ma'am?
-Just one.
-Pack this for Ma'am.
-But
-Oh, come on!
Your first sale,
and you're haggling for five bucks?
Come on, give it
to ma'am. I'm there.
-Hi.
Recognize me?
We met last night at
your dancing school.
-You remember?
-Oh, yes.
I'm Rahul.
You must've heard of me?
No.
Well, never mind.
Actually, you are a pretty good dancer.
Thank you.
Actually, I'm doing
some musical shows
and I need a special
dancer for a special role.
When I saw you dancing yesterday
I thought that
you'd be ideal for this.
So what do you think?
Would you be interested?
No, thanks.
Rahul is finished.
Sir, watermelon!
My career's at stake
and you talk of the watermelon!
Take this watermelon.
Excuse me, but perhaps
you misunderstand me.
The shows I'm talking
about are no ordinary shows.
Here I am.
They're high-class shows with
a very high-class audience
and I am sure you
would also enjoy doing it.
Why don't you give it a try?
Not for me but at least
for the sake of art.
-Dancing is my hobby.
-That's really good.
But dancing on stage in front
of an audience makes me nervous.
-What's there to be nervous?
-I don't think I can do it.
-No, no.
-No problem. Just
Take three.
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Look, I'm in a tight spot.
Actually, my lead dancer
has fractured her foot.
I've borrowed money
for the show.
If we don't perform, I'll lose face too.
Just come once for a rehearsal,
and if you don't like it, it's fine.
But please, just once.
Please come to the rehearsal.
-I'm really very sorry. I can't do it.
-Please.
-Why don't you hire someone else?
-I beg of you, please.
-What are you doing?
You don't know me.
I'm a stubborn and crazy guy.
-I'll not budge.
-Get up.
Do come to the rehearsal.
-Don't come back if unwilling.
-All eyes are on us.
Please come just once!
-Okay. I'll come. Promise.
-You will? Promise?
-When? What time?
-Tomorrow.
-2:00pm.
-Can't you come at one?
-Okay, I'll come at one.
-Thanks.
Thank you for all this.
I hope you know that
our rehearsal hall is
next to the school.
-I know. I know.
-We're neighbours, you know.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Ma'am.
You'll come, won't you?
Yes, you will.
Ma'am.
Yes.
For you. Yes.
He's crazy.
-How is this sketch?
-Not that good. This one's better.
Sir.
That's okay. But this one,
this is what I don't like.
-Redo it.
-I'll do that.
The colour scheme is okay. Okay.
But look at this one,
here, this one
Rahul, you said that
girl would come at 1:00pm.
It's already 4:00pm.
I don't think she'll come.
So what should I do?
If she doesn't come,
won't we do our play?
-I was only
-Go and get on with your own thing.
-Go.
-Okay, relax.
-What happened?
-Please, don't disturb me.
Quiet, quiet everybody.
Ballu, spotlight on the entrance.
-Hi.
Rahul. You must've heard of me?
Cut it. No, no.
No, Pooja. No.
No, Pooja.
You're not putting
your heart into it.
You are concentrating
more on the steps and music.
I don't want to see
how well you dance.
I have already seen that,
and you are very good.
I want to see whether
you are Maya or not.
I want to see the zenith
of Maya's love and passion.
I want to see what happens
when Maya pours her heart out.
Right?
Okay. We'll try it once more.
All right, music.
Cut it!
Why don't you understand?
Forget anyone sitting here.
Forget the music.
Forget that this is a rehearsal.
Just think of Maya.
God knows where you're lost.
I've cried myself hoarse that
I don't want to see your dance.
I don't want to see you dance.
I want to see your madness!
Maya's madness
-I'm sorry, Pooja.
-Don't touch me.
I'm really sorry, Pooja.
I was just
Never in my life has anyone
yelled at me like that.
I know, Pooja. I'm an idiot.
I don't know how to talk to girls.
I told you I can't do it.
But you're doing it really well.
It's just that I'm
going on about Maya.
-I don't understand this Maya.
-Never mind
-I don't want to do this. -Don't
worry if you don't understand.
We don't have to do this today.
We can do it tomorrow. Okay?
-I don't want to do it tomorrow
either. I'm not doing this. -Okay.
-Maya, relax.
-My name is Pooja.
Of course, it's Pooja.
I'm sorry.
Sit down, please. Sit.
I'm really sorry, Pooja.
Don't dance if you don't want to
but please stop crying.
No water? Fine.
You see Pooja, it's a habit
with me to yell during rehearsals.
I wasn't having a go at you.
I was only trying to explain
to you about Maya that's all.
Pooja, maybe you just
don't understand Maya.
Maya is the kind of girl
who lives in a dream world.
She believes that one day
her dream prince will come
and carry her away.
Her friends have always
made fun of her
but that did not
shake her belief.
And today, she has met
the man of her dreams
and she's dancing.
There is love in her dance.
There's mad passion
and arrogance.
As if to say,
I knew he would come
and see he has come now.
My dream man has come.
Music.
-Wow, wonderful. -Brilliant.
-Brilliant. -Thank you.
It was nice.
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.
Nisha, I can't believe we got
such a good girl so quickly!
Had I not got the
right girl for this role
I'd have cancelled the play.
I would've given the money back
and faced the music.
But I was destined to meet Pooja.
-Her name is Pooja!
-No, it's Jeetendra.
Of course it's Pooja.
-Is she beautiful?
-Really beautiful.
Remember how I described Maya?
She's just like her.
That innocent face, those
dreamy eyes and that bashfulness.
She is too good, Nisha.
She's brilliant.
Yes.
Is she a good dancer?
When she dances, you
can't take your eyes off her.
I know that you will go
crazy when you see her.
-I see.
-Yes.
But can she act?
Of course, she can. If she
can't act, what am I there for?
If I can get you to act
I can get anyone to act.
Very funny.
There's no water, no soft drink
and you've called me for dinner.
Wait a minute and I'll
get something to drink.
Rahul.
Is she as good a dancer as me?
Are you crazy?
There's no dancer as good as you.
-Right.
Idiot.
You can't even lie properly.
There go your pants.
The stitches gave away.
-Hey Shruti, get my bag.
-Relax.
-Let's go! -Okay, we'll push
off now. See you tomorrow.
-Bye.
-See you tomorrow.
-May I say something, Pooja?
-What?
-When you smile
-I know that I look good.
Then?
When you laugh, it rains.
Give it back.
With the gait of a horse,
with the majesty of an elephant.
Oh, king of the rains,
where do you come from?
With the gait of a horse,
with the majesty of an elephant.
Oh, king of the rains,
where do you come from?
I know a girl and when she smiles
I know a girl and when she smiles,
the rains come pouring down.
I know a boy and when he sings
I know a boy and when he sings,
the rain clouds mask the sky.
The clouds have descended.
They stand in our path.
Tell us what your
intentions are, oh clouds!
Won't you let us go home?
There's rain ahead,
a storm behind.
The weather is treacherous.
Oh, where can we go?
I know a girl and when she smiles,
the rains come pouring down.
I know a boy and when he sings,
the rain clouds mask the sky.
The heavy sky stoops low
with clouds.
Everything has come
to a standstill.
How lovely is this season?
Take the sign of the rains.
In such a weather,
say something
do something.
Why do you stand silent?
With the gait of a horse,
with the majesty of an elephant.
Oh king of the rains,
where do you come from?
With the gait of a horse,
with the majesty of an elephant.
Oh king of the rains,
where do you come from?
I know a girl and when she smiles,
the rains come pouring down.
I know a boy and when he sings,
the rain clouds mask the sky.
The doctor has said clearly that
you can't go out of the house.
There's no need for you to
strain yourself trying to get up.
Now get into your bed and rest.
Who are you calling now?
-Rahul.
-Oh yes, he called
to say that he's at Soni's house.
At Soni's? Oh yes, Soni and
Jimmy are getting engaged today.
Aunt, get my clothes out quickly.
I want to go there. I'll just come.
-Look, I'll call the doctor.
-Please Aunt!
She just won't listen.
The girl is beautiful.
The boy looks morose.
The two don't match.
They don't make a good pair
I'll not give this to you.
I hate these weddings.
I don't understand
why people get married.
If two people have decided to
spend their whole lives together
why are the others
making such a fuss?
Why are they all getting excited?
These days it has become a fashion
to have seven days
long wedding celebrations.
Give me a break.
Get married, have a quiet ceremony,
and then go home and sleep.
I've even come to hate
the word 'marriage'.
Excuse me, may I have another one?
But one good thing is that
in all this fuss
you get lots of goodies to eat.
Thank you. Have you eaten?
-Later.
-Let's sit.
I really love weddings.
The small rituals, dancing,
singing and making merry
-I love every bit of it.
-Very good.
I'm going to have all
of them at my wedding.
Are you getting married?
Yes.
I mean, you never mentioned it.
When are you going to do it?
Actually, nothing is fixed yet.
He works abroad.
When he comes back
we'll fix a date when
we've found an auspicious time.
That's why I haven't
mentioned this to anyone.
I see. Congratulations.
Thanks.
Rahul, when are you
getting married to Nisha?
Nisha and me? Are you crazy?
The two of us are just good friends.
There's no chance of us
getting married
and in any case no marriage
for me. Thank you.
Actually, I don't believe in the
institution of marriage at all.
I don't know how two people decide
to spend their whole
life with each other.
I fail to understand
and I'm certain
there can't be a girl who
could spend her whole life with me!
You're mistaken.
There is surely one such girl.
-Where is she?
-Somewhere or the other.
Rubbish.
I've always believed that God made
all relationships of the heart.
But then He left it to
us to find each other.
He created all of us in pairs.
For every one of us
there is a soul-mate.
You just have to wait
till you meet her.
Do you think that's true?
At least in my life,
that's the ultimate truth.
True.
That means that you've
found your soul mate.
Yes. I've found him.
I found my soul mate.
-Something is amiss.
-What?
-The dessert is amazing. Have some.
-No.
Okay.
I don't know where he keeps it.
-Nisha! When were you discharged
from the hospital? -Hey, Ballu.
-I ran away from hospital.
-Great.
Jimmy and Soni will be
delighted to see you.
-Where are they?
-Meet them at the lawn.
-Rahul is there, isn't he?
-Rahul's gone to drop Pooja home.
-Ballu.
-Coming. You go ahead.
He has come and he has
come with a sword.
Pooja.
Thanks. See you tomorrow.
-Pooja.
-What?
It's that story you
told me at Soni's.
That some special girl
is made for me etc, etc
I've been thinking about that.
-I don't get something.
-What?
How would I know
who's made for me?
You have so much faith
in this theory.
I'm sure that you know about
how I'm going to meet this girl.
I mean, will she be holding
a placard with my name on it?
Or, when I see her would
there be a clap of thunder
and a bolt of lightning?
Would music play?
What?
He will tell you.
He will give just one sign
and your heart
would recognise the girl.
I've tried reasoning with her
but she just wouldn't listen.
-She does what she wants.
-Hi, Doctor.
-Doctor.
-Rahul, it is good that you came.
-I'm fed up with this girl.
-Why? What happened?
I told her clearly that she needs
to stay at home to rest.
But look at her, she's packing
her bags to go somewhere.
-Where to?
-How would I know?
I've tried my best to explain.
She doesn't listen to me.
You're the only one
who could convince her.
Don't worry as she won't
go anywhere.
I'll go in, take her
to task now.
-Okay? -Best of luck.
-Okay, see you. -Bye.
Nisha.
What are you doing, Nisha?
Are you nuts?
The doctor told you to rest, right?
By the way,
where are you off to?
-I'm going to London.
-London?
Well, Mom and Dad keep calling me
and it's been months
since I met them.
I thought I'd visit them.
Besides, I want to
run away from here.
Want to run away? From whom?
-From myself.
-What's all this nonsense, Nisha?
I've begun to get scared
of myself, Rahul.
I want to leave
so I can avoid doing
what I did yesterday.
Nisha, you haven't
done anything of the sort.
You were just dancing.
-Look here
-Rahul
Now we should stop
evading the truth.
We both know what the problem is.
What's the problem?
The problem is that
I love you and
you don't love me.
-Look here, Nisha
-I know
that you know
how much I love you.
That night I wasn't sozzled
to not hear what my heart
was saying.
Actually, Rahul, we've
become such good friends
that we take each other
for granted.
So I think that a bit of space
will give us time to think.
But I'm sure
that when I'm not here,
you'll miss me a lot.
Then maybe then
you'd realise my worth.
One thing is certain
that an idiot like you
doesn't deserve a girl like me.
And I don't know why,
but I feel that
when I come back
you'll be on your knees
begging me to get married to you.
And at that point of time,
I may not be in the mood for it.
Get lost.
Well, maybe you
haven't seen your face
It's better than yours.
-Hey, Nisha
-Rahul.
Nisha, you're really nice.
I know. Come now.
I must meet everyone on
my way to the airport.
Come on, Rahul. Hurry up.
-We'll see you.
-Bye, see you guys.
-Take care.
-I'll really miss you. -Thanks.
-Bye.
-Enjoy yourself.
-Take care.
-Bye Nisha. -Bye buddy.
Rahul, has our stuff arrived?
Ballu is mad.
We haven't been
properly introduced.
Let's start from the beginning.
-Hi! I'm Nisha.
-I'm Pooja.
Now that we are friends
will you forgive me
for what I did yesterday?
Forgive you? For what?
Pooja, what I did with you
yesterday wasn't right.
Actually, ever since
this place was built
I've been the only one
who's danced on this floor.
This floor has become my identity.
So when I heard that someone else
had taken my place I felt bad.
Without seeing you or
knowing you, I was jealous.
I shouldn't have felt that way.
Had I been in your place,
I'd have done the same.
Moreover, I really enjoyed
dancing with you.
You were the one dancing.
I was doing something else.
-I'm really sorry, Pooja.
-It's okay
Come on. The pilot
just called for you.
I always told Rahul that there could
never be another dancer like me.
But I can't say that any more.
And I'm sure that
no one can play the role
of Maya better than you.
Not even me. All the best.
-Bye. See you.
-Thank you! Bye.
Come.
-Who is coming to drop me
to the airport? -Me!
Hi. I'm Rahul.
You must have heard of me?
I want a special dancer
for a special role.
I saw you dance yesterday and
felt you would be ideal for this.
Check, check 69
Ballu, what are you doing?
Throw the spotlight properly.
Pooja, good, good. But
I think that you are not
opening up.
I want to see how Maya
looks when she's happy.
I want to see the zenith of
Maya's passion and love. Okay?
Do it again. Okay.
Quiet everybody.
Take it from the top.
Music!
Cut it! Cut it!
I told you to forget
your identity
and forget that there
are people sitting here.
Forget about the rehearsal.
But you refuse to understand.
Pack up.
I don't get one thing, Pooja.
How would I know which
girl was made for me?
Will she be holding a placard
with my name on it?
When I see her, would
there be a clap of thunder
and a flash of lightning?
Oh dear, what's happening?
I really don't know.
I only hope this does not
turn into a tale of love.
Oh dear, what's going on?
Nobody really knows.
But if this is a tale
of love, then so be it.
Take my hand in yours
as long as you are here.
Let's sit talking
as long as we can.
Let's look into
each other's eyes
as long as the night lasts.
Oh dear, what's going on?
Nobody really knows.
How do I describe
the state of my heart?
Even the dewdrops seem to burn,
with the fever of my heart.
Why do I feel as if
someone has caressed me
Oh dear, what's going on?
I don't really know.
I only hope this does not
turn into a tale of love.
Oh dear, what's going on?
Nobody really knows.
But if this is a tale of love
then so be it.
Please move away for a while,
so I can collect my feelings
and calm the violent
beating of my heart.
Let's slow down so that we
don't move ahead of time.
Oh dear, what's happening?
Nobody really knows.
There is something between us.
So don't deny it.
And no one knows
how far it would go.
For you should know that your
heart is not what it was.
Oh dear, what's going on?
I don't really know.
I only hope
this does not turn
into a tale of love.
Oh dear, what's going on?
I don't really know.
I only hope this does not
turn into a tale of love.
I hope your uncle would be asleep
and I won't have to hear him sing.
-Bye.
-Bye
-Rahul, I forgot to tell you.
-What?
-I can't attend rehearsal tomorrow.
-Why?
-Tomorrow I'm going to Khandala.
-Khandala? Why?
-My sister lives there.
-Which sister?
She's my dance teacher.
She taught me everything I know.
It's her birthday tomorrow.
If I say no, will you not go?
I'd go anyway, but if you
said yes, I'd go happily.
I'm joking. Go on. I'll look
into the other jobs tomorrow.
-Thanks. Bye.
-Bye.
Rahul is finished.
-Rahul? What are you doing here?
-Hi.
I have a friend in Khandala.
He's been calling me for ages
but I've never had
a chance to go.
And since we can't work
without you
I thought I'd meet him,
and give you a ride too.
As it is you're going alone,
so I thought you'd have company.
Don't stare. Hurry up.
If we go early we'll beat
the traffic. Come on.
Well, why are you smiling?
Nothing. Let's go.
Today I'm really missing
my friend. Really!
-Tommy, Ceasar, quiet! Quiet!
-Pooja, I'm scared of dogs.
-Pooja, Get them off me.
-They won't do anything.
Sister's taking a dance class there.
I'll just go and surprise her.
Stay here. Don't worry,
they won't bite you.
-I'll be back.
-Tommy, please.
Want some soft drink?
You can have these flowers too.
Sandhya, what are you doing?
I'll give you one now.
You've put on so much weight,
and you can hardly move.
No more chocolates and ice creams
for you. Get it right this time.
Move the neck. Arms straight.
You Why are you laughing?
Shut your mouth.
If anyone gets it wrong then
no one will watch TV tonight.
Don't come begging to me again
saying, please sister.
Please Sister, let me watch TV.
Look. There comes your dear Pooja.
Sister, how did you recognize me?
There's no need to act smart.
I know all my girls from
the sound of their footsteps.
Happy Birthday to you!
What's this? You've brought me
another ugly saree.
Yes, I chose the ugliest
I could get my hands on.
-Thank you.
-Go on, class is over.
Where you are going?
The class isn't over yet.
Now I'm here and
the class is over.
You're spoiling them very badly.
They behave well all year round.
The moment you step in,
they start misbehaving.
Sometimes one should be spoilt.
-No! Sir Tommy, No!
-What happened?
-Tommy, no!
-Don't let him go! Nab him!
Sister! Wait!
He's Rahul, my friend.
-Your friend?
-Yes!
-Leave him, girls.
-Come on, leave him.
-Tommy, Ceasar, go inside. Go.
-Tommy went?
They're gone.
Why are you so frightened?
Hi! Happy Birthday!
-Ok.
-Where are your feet?
-What are you up to?
-I'm trying to touch your feet.
-Do I look that old?
-Not at all but out of respect.
-Give me your hand.
-Pardon me?
-Your hand.
-Yes.
Nice to meet you.
-Oh, you've caught a cold. Come,
let's go in. -Yes Pooja, please.
-Save me from the dogs.
-They won't hurt you.
-You don't know. They're very
dangerous. -Sister, who's he?
I don't know but
I'll have to find out.
Pooja, you didn't tell me
what Rahul does.
Rahul? He directs plays.
-These days, I'm working with him.
-I see.
I think that you don't
like Rahul specially.
No, I like him very much.
Very much?
No, I mean to say,
he's a good friend.
Good friend?
You mean you don't love him.
Sister, Rahul's just a friend.
A dear friend.
I see a dear friend.
It's not what you think
and in any case,
I wanted to tell you something.
There's no need to tell me.
I understand everything.
Stop it, Sister.
Sister, you've got it all wrong.
-Pooja.. Pooja..
-Rahul.. Rahul..
-Pooja.
-Rahul, what's up? -Hi!
-Hi!
-What's up?
Nothing. Why are you standing
with the spoon? Come and join us.
-Stupid!
-Hey everybody!
Come on, everyone.
Follow me this way.
Okay, come on.
If it's not love,
then what is it?
-Sister honestly!
-Look here, girl!
I've known you since you
were twelve years old.
What your heart doesn't
let you know, it tells me.
The look in your eyes says
that you love this boy very much.
Now stop lying to me.
Understood? Okay?
Just a dear friend.
Listen, Sister
I can't recollect
when this happened.
It's become difficult to hide
this secret from everyone.
If you say so, today
I'll ask God for something.
Oh dear, what's going on?
I don't really know.
-What this leads to
-Let it become a romance.
So when is Ajay coming back?
Nothing is definite, but
he could come at any time.
-Say D.
-D.
-Say O.
-O.
-Say N.
-N.
-Say K.
-K. -Yes.
-Now say E.
-E.
-Say Y.
-Y. -I'll be right back.
Alright. Very good.
Let us start all over again.
-D.
Okay, okay.
-D. O. N.
-N.
-K.
-Pooja, give me your hand. -Why?
I won't hit you!
Give me your hand.
Here it is.
Here.
-What's this?
-Hush.
Listen carefully to what
I'm going to tell you.
Ever since you were a child
you've always put
others before yourself.
I've always been overwhelmed
by your behavior.
But today this same
behaviour has made me sad.
-But I
-Quiet!
Sometimes, it's very important
to think about yourself, Pooja.
I see that you are running
away from your dreams.
You won't let them come true.
Don't do this, Pooja.
Not everybody is fortunate to
have their dreams materialised.
Don't do this.
Let me tell you something.
One can fall in love many times.
True love only happens once.
Lord Ganpati will help you to
take the step
you're unable to take.
He'll show you the right path.
He'll give you the strength
to fulfill your dreams.
Keep Him with you always.
I have faith in Him.
The Lord will set
everything right.
I love you, Sister.
Stop it!
I don't want to develop
the habit of crying.
Pooja!
No.
No way.
You are very fat. Sister would
scold me if I gave this to you.
-Why are you frightened?
-Pardon me?
Why are you frightened of
being in love? Tell her.
Love and me? I was just
Okay, give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Nice to meet you.
Take it!
-What's this?
-This is in a way, my blessing.
I'm very stingy in such matters.
I don't give my blessing
that easily.
But when I saw you I thought
you needed it.
This will help you to say
what you're unable to say.
Keep it very carefully.
-You get it?
-Got it.
-Bye.
-Bye. -She's on her way.
-If you can't say it, then
I'll say it. -I'll say it.
-Definitely?
-Definitely.
-Okay.
Mark my words carefully.
-Bye!
-Bye.
-Good bye, Sister!
-Bye!
-Bye, Sister!
Okay!
First, the bride. You can drink
straight from the bottle.
Okay. Here's to Soni and Jimmy.
Everyone together.
Cheers for the most beautiful
couple I've seen.
Time for a speech.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen
May I have your attention, please?
Aunty, please thank you.
Since I am Jimmy's best man
it's my good fortune
to make a speech
and it's your misfortune
that you all have to listen to it.
Till today, I didn't understand
how two people can take a vow
to spend their entire
lives with each other.
I didn't believe in
these vows of marriage.
And seeing Jimmy
and Soni together
only strengthened
my conviction.
Because there can't be anyone
as innocent as Soni
and there can't be a scamp
to beat Jimmy.
I used to worry that Soni
and Jimmy are too different
to spend their lives together.
But today, I realise
that I was wrong.
I'm a little ashamed to admit
that I have started
believing in love.
The kind of love in
which lips don't speak
but eyes do.
The kind of love that binds
two people together forever.
And today, I keep thinking
of just one thing.
I remember something
a very dear friend told me
about God.
God has already brought
hearts together
but then He left the hearts
to find each other.
He made us all in pairs.
For every one of us, somewhere,
there's one soul mate just for us.
He made Soni for Jimmy.
Today, I thank that God
for bringing Jimmy
and Soni together.
And I pray that
He may give each one of us the
ability to recognize our soul mate.
Thank you.
My bangle?
Rahul, have you seen my bangle?
Darn! Now I'm sure
that I won't find it.
-It was my favourite bangle.
-Mine, too.
Rahul!
Come on, give it to me.
Come here and take it.
What childish behavior!
Give it to me!
Come closer.
Here goes happy?
-Rahul!
-Closer
Stop it!
Closer
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something, and I'll
say something, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something, and I'll
say something, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something, and I'll
say something, my love.
We'd have rather died
than reveal our secret.
Oh, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something, and I'll
say something, my love.
You were a few steps away from me.
I, a few steps away from you.
Yet we might have been
hundreds of miles apart
Step by step our wavering
hearts came together.
Oh, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something,
I'll say something, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something,
I'll say something, my love.
Come, you have won me over
and I am defeated by my heart.
Today, with great difficulty
my lips say "love".
Now I'm wildly in love.
Don't ever leave me
Don't ever leave me, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something
You say something,
I'll say something, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something, and I'll
say something, my love.
We would have rather died
than reveal our secret.
Oh, my love.
How long shall we sit in silence?
We both want to say something.
You say something, and I'll
say something, my love.
Careful. Hey, Suppandi, watch
the scenery. Jimmy, watch Soni.
What's up, Supandi? Tell me.
-Oh.
-I'm coming. I'm coming.
Just do this for me.
-Tell me how much do I work?
-Keep this on top.
-Take it. -Where's Pooja?
She's nowhere to be seen.
Rahul!
The set is ready.
Good, well done.
-Call Pooja.
-Okay.
-Shruti. Call Pooja.
-Yes!
Pooja, we're ready.
-Are you angry with me?
-Not at all.
Then why are you not
speaking to me?
I am speaking to you.
For three days, I haven't seen
your face or heard your voice.
I was very busy.
I have been calling you everyday.
Why haven't you been answering?
The phone has been out
of order for some time.
What is the problem?
Tell me. I want to know the
cause of your restlessness.
-There's no problem.
-There is a problem.
Serious problem.
The fact is that we both
love each other very much.
We can't tell each other
about it.
Today, I've come here
to tell you
that I love you.
I love you very much.
And I know that
you also love me.
So, say it once
and that will be the
end of your restlessness.
Everything will be all right.
-I don't love you.
-You're lying.
-I'm not lying.
-You aren't?
Look into my eyes
and tell me
that we are not made
for each other.
We are not.
Tell me that when I leave you,
you don't turn to look at me.
I won't.
Tell me that nothing happens
to you when I touch you.
-Nothing.
-Tell me
that you don't want to
come into my arms right now.
I don't.
Look into my eyes just once
and tell me that
you don't love me.
I don't
-For each other.
-I don't
I don't
Terrific performance!
Very well done!
Excellent!
Fabulous Rahul! Wonderful.
-Fantastic.
-Thanks.
Rahul, was my lighting fine?
-Soni, I'd told you.
-Nisha!
-Nisha? Let's go and give her
a warm welcome. -Welcome.
-Hi. -Hi!
Great to see you back again.
-Hi.
-Oh, Raju, I'd told you
she'd come back soon. -Hi.
'But I'm sure that
when I'm not here'
'you'll remember me often. '
'I don't know why,
but when I get back'
'you'll be on your knees
begging me to marry you.'
'And then perhaps I may not
be in the mood for marrying.'
Well, I'll be off.
I'm a little tired.
I'll see you all tomorrow.
-Okay. As you wish.
-Bye.
-What's up with Nisha? -She's
tired. She'll come tomorrow.
Don't get unnecessarily worried.
I'm not a nice girl, Rahul.
I'm bad.
I'm really bad.
No Nisha, you're my friend.
And no friend of mine is bad.
No, Rahul, you don't know
that I'm not a nice girl.
Now you see
I love a boy
and have always loved him.
Today I realised that
he doesn't love me.
He loves someone else.
I feel bad.
I'm hurt.
I'm upset. I feel jealous.
Rahul, I shouldn't
feel like this.
I'm bad.
I'm very bad.
-No, Nisha.
-No, Rahul.
Actually, that boy
isn't just the one I love
but he's also my best friend.
Today, for the first time,
I saw love in his eyes.
I couldn't bring that
love in all these years
but that other girl has
brought it.
Perhaps they are made
for each other.
Perhaps I was never meant for him.
Perhaps her love for him is true.
So you see, I should
be happy for my friend.
I should revel in his happiness.
But I'm not happy I'm not!
I'm very bad
really very bad.
Nisha, you're not bad.
You're really nice.
You know who is bad?
He is bad.
The One who plays around
with us mortals
making A love B
while B loves C
and C loves D.
I don't know why He does this.
When He makes one
person love another
He ought to make sure that the
other one also loves her in return.
Right?
But that's not what He does.
He's really bad.
You're not bad.
He's bad.
You're right.
It's He who's bad.
He's bad!
You're bad. I'm not.
You're bad. I haven't
done anything wrong.
You are the one.
You are bad. You are bad.
I'm not bad.
-I'm not bad.
-I'm sorry, Nisha.
Don't say sorry, Rahul.
Else, I'll cry.
-I'm sorry, Nisha.
-Don't say sorry, or I'll cry.
Sorry.
No, Rahul, don't say sorry.
I'll break down.
Rahul!
Ajay
when I was a little girl, you
used to tease me about my dreams.
When I used to tell you that I am
looking for the one meant for me
you would say that
I am crazy and silly.
You'd say that when I grow up
my dreams will vanish.
But you know, I have grown up
and my dreams have
not vanished.
They have grown with me.
That day, at the airport, when you
suddenly asked me to marry you
at first I didn't realize
what I should do.
Then I saw you going.
But then I thought,
I was crazy
you were my dearest friend
and the one who
knew me the most.
Who could be better for me?
And I was standing
lost in my thoughts.
You left and I was silly
to make you a part of my dreams.
I started believing that
you were the one made for me.
And then
and then I met Rahul.
You're marrying Pooja?
What are you saying?
But Pooja hasn't said
anything to me about it.
I had forbidden
her from telling you.
I wanted to tell you myself.
Oh, God!
I can hardly believe you!
I'm so happy!
When are you coming?
I called just to tell you this.
-I'm coming tomorrow.
-Tomorrow?
What can I tell you about Rahul?
Where do I begin?
Well, you should realize that
I've never met anyone like him.
Sometimes he's an angel,
sometimes a devil.
Sometimes crazy
and sometimes a genius.
Sometimes he scolds
so harshly
and sometimes he makes
funny faces to make me laugh.
At times he's more
stubborn than a child
and at times he's
a beloved companion.
In three days? Oh, no.
I want time to get things
ready for a big wedding.
Mom, I don't have time.
The company's sending
me to Japan for a year.
You'll have to wait for eight
to ten months. Think about it.
I can't wait that long.
All right, you come here and
I'll start the preparations.
The dreams of your crazy
girl have come true, Ajay.
She's found the partner
of her dreams
and she wants
to know whether
she can make all
her dreams come true.
Can she make her dreams
come true?
Ajay phoned just now.
He's told me everything.
He's coming tomorrow, Pooja
and he told me to get the wedding
organised as quickly as possible.
You're a silly goose. You would
tell me your smallest secrets
and you hid such
a big one from me?
Come here.
Sit by my side.
You know, Pooja, ever since
you came to this house
I've had a dream in which
one day, you'd become
my daughter-in-law
and I, your mother.
But I was afraid
of how you two would
be when you grew up.
Whether you would be friends..
..or whether you'd take
a liking to each other.
Hence, I never revealed
my heart's desire.
I also wanted that
you should decide,
if you really wanted it
and not for my sake.
I wanted you to choose Ajay
willingly.
You don't know how happy
I am, for I know
that there cannot
be a better girl
than you for my son.
Just watch. I'm going to
give you a grand wedding.
You have no idea
how happy I am.
May you live long!
I want full lights
and I want to see
M6 on both left
and right of stage.
Suppandi, I want to hear
the music tracks in a while.
Soni, the elevation
should be three feet higher
or the audience on the right
won’t know what's going on.
When Ballu lights M6,
a spotlight will filter here.
The audience gets a glimpse
of the entry beforehand.
-Rahul.
-Hi Pooja.
Make sure this doesn't happen.
-I want them in complete.
-Rahul.
-Sure. Sure.
-I'll take care of it. -Yes.
I need to talk to you.
The show opens in two days,
And we'll talk later.
Shruti.. Soni, you just take
care of this. I'll see you.
Hello.
Show me all the costumes of
act three's dream sequence.
-Always sitting with Soni. Never
does any work. -That's not so.
-All are approved?
-This one is.
-Yes.
-Trials done? -Yes. -Rahul.
-Rahul, I have to talk to you.
-Pooja, just a minute.
I'll just finish this. -But
One minute. One minute.
Shruti. Shruti, pay attention here.
Okay tell me
what's the problem? Shoot.
Rahul, please try and understand
what I am about to tell you.
-Rahul, Nisha's calling you. There's
a call from the auditorium. -Darn.
I forgot talking to her.
I'll be back.
-Supandi, come.
-Rahul.
Where's Nisha?
Rahul, please be serious.
Ajay?
My name is Ajay, but if you
wish you can call me Rahul.
-Fatso! I love you!
-Nisha, you'd said
I really missed you.
Remember Pooja, I told you that
I'd come to get you anytime any day?
Here I am.
I came here after meeting mom.
She is so elated.
Hey, I hope you haven't
changed your mind.
You're marrying me, aren't you?
Have you told your friends?
-I was going to...
-Oh! I'll have to do that too?
Come on. I'll tell them all
that we are getting married.
Ladies and gentlemen
I'm sorry for the intrusion.
You don't know my name.
It's Ajay.
I'm Pooja's childhood friend.
And since she hasn't
found a worthy guy
I took pity on her,
and I'm going to marry her.
-Congratulations! -Alright,
okay. Thank you very much.
-Congratulations!
-Thank you.
Thank you. Okay, okay.
In three days, we'll be married.
and you all must come,
with family.
-Okay. Definitely.
-We'll all come.
Rahul!
Pooja, you're weird.
Why didn't you tell us before?
We had begun to feel
that you were our Maya.
We forgot you're Pooja and
you have your own private life
and your own relationships
and even prior commitments.
We are really stupid!
Oh, I forgot
Pooja, congratulations.
-Thanks.
-And this is
This is Rahul, our director.
Rahul, she likes your name a lot.
-She likes only the name?
-I hope so, man!
-Congratulations.
-Thank you.
-Rahul, I have a request.
-Go on.
-May I take her away for an hour?
-Oh, come on!
You're taking her
away forever from us.
That will be in a ceremonious way.
What say, Pooja?
This is just a lunch date with Pooja.
Do I have your permission?
My permission!
Now I'll have to get your
permission to meet Pooja.
Besides, now that you've come
Pooja won't be happy here.
Isn’t it, Pooja?
So, go on.
I'll get by without you.
-Are you sure?
-Yes, of course! Absolutely!
You guys go and
have a good time. Go on.
-We have his permission.
Let's go. -Go on.
-Okay guys.
-Okay, see you.
-Bye. After three days, okay?
-We'll be there.
Ballu, show me the final mix.
Shruti, show me the sketches.
And Nisha, call up the
auditorium and tell them.
The thing is that
-in two days we're
going on stage. -Rahul!
Lights! why aren't you
showing me the lights.
There are just two days,
and you're taking it easy!
Come on, the lights.
Shruti, show me the sketches.
Quickly bring the sketches
here, fast!
Tania, hurry up with the band.
We've got to finish
the music rehearsals, too!
Come on, everybody.
Faster everybody.
Come on.
This is our last meeting.
I'm getting married tomorrow.
I don't want to meet you
ever again after today.
Just assume that I was never
a part of your life.
As soon as I start to move,
track me with the spotlight
and the other will stay
on Pooja.
When I get right up
to the audience
then slowly dim the light.
The show will be over.
The End.
That's it.
Any questions?
-I don't want any mistakes,
okay? -Okay!
-Raj, is everything all right?
-Yes.
Okay then, tomorrow be
at the stadium on time.
-Pack up? Okay.
-I'll take that.
-Hey, Rahul. Something
is bothering me. -What?
-I don't like the end
of your story. -Why?
This ending is too sad.
A love story should always
have a happy ending.
The audience should
come out smiling, right?
People like to live
in a dream world.
They have seen many dreams.
Let them see a little
reality now.
Every love story is like
this in real life.
Full of sorrow and pain.
No, Nisha. This ending
is absolutely right.
There can't be another
end to this love story.
I know a girl,
and when she smiles
it rains.
I know a boy,
and when he sings
it rains.
-Jimmy, just go and check the
next entry stage left. -Okay.
The heart is crazy,
and just refuses to listen.
Oh dear, what's going on?
I don't really know.
I only hope this does
not turn into a romance.
Oh dear, what's going on?
I don't really know.
But if this is a romance,
then so be it.
Pooja's last entry is after this.
Get her ready and bring her here.
Don't worry. Nisha's getting
her ready and bringing her.
Thanks.
Don't make this mistake, Pooja.
Very few people are lucky
enough to love
and to be loved.
You can't break the tie
which He has ordained.
You can't break it.
I've spent my years giving
love, the name of friendship.
Now, you're going to spend
the rest of your life
giving friendship,
the name of love.
This is a betrayal!
A betrayal of love
a betrayal of friendship.
Don't do such a thing!
This is our last meeting.
I'm getting married tomorrow.
I don't want to meet you
ever again after today.
Just assume that I was
never a part of your life.
I want to ask you
something before I go.
Did you ever love me
even for a single day
or a single moment?
This line is not in the play.
Raju!
Tell me just once
have you ever really loved me?
Even for a moment?
-What is Rahul saying?
-Shut up.
I won't leave without an
answer to this question.
I'm not going!
Did you ever love me,
even for a single moment?
-No.
-What did you say?
I didn't hear that.
-No.
-Speak up, I couldn't hear.
-Louder, louder
No, I've never loved you.
Not for a day,
not for a moment.
Never.
That is all I wanted to hear.
Rahul you'll remember
my name, won't you?
What can I tell you
about Rahul?
Where do I begin?
Well, you should realize that
I've never met anyone like him.
Sometimes he's an angel,
sometimes, a devil.
Sometimes he's crazy,
sometimes he's a genius.
Sometimes, he scolds so harshly
and sometimes he makes
funny faces and makes me laugh.
At times he's more stubborn
than a child
and at times
he's a beloved companion.
What he is or is not, I cannot
really express in words
but I don't know why,
I feel that
when he looks at me,
I feel beautiful.
When he laughs,
I feel like dancing.
When he's upset, I feel
like holding him in my arms.
When he loves me,
my eyes fill with tears.
He's made me realize
that I am made for him
and he for me.
I love him very much
not for one day
or one moment
but for my whole life.
I love you, Rahul.
I love you.
Yes.
Rahul!
Now that I've seen them,
I believe that someone, somewhere
has been made for me as well.
-Isn't that so?
-Yes.
My name is Ajay. Yours?
-I'm Nisha.
-Nisha!
-Are you married?
-What?
The heart is crazy,
and the heart is besotted.
It brings along sleepless nights.
It steals sleep and solace.
It shows them the path of love.
It brings joy and tears.
The heart is crazy.
The heart is besotted.
The heart is crazy,
and the heart is besotted.